README.md, before:

# React + Next.js Email Messaging System Demo: "Compose New Email" Page with TinyMCE

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app). It uses React, and is responsive to Dark Mode/Light Mode.

![An image of a basic email messaging wireframe in a React + Next.js project](/TinyMCE-Email-Demo.png)

## Getting Started

Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Replacing the textarea with TinyMCE

Follow the how-to to add a robust, Dark Mode-aware WYSIWYG editor to this React + Next.js Email Messaging System app wireframe.

## Learn More about TinyMCE

To learn more about TinyMCE, take a look at the following resources:

- [TinyMCE Documentation](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/latest/) - learn about TinyMCE features and API.
- [TinyMCE Developer Center](https://www.tiny.cloud/developer-center/) - find developer-specific resources about TinyMCE, like code samples, videos, and how-tos.
- [TinyMCE Blog](https://www.tiny.cloud/blog/) - explore the TinyMCE blog to find more walkthroughs and editor comparisons.

Commit message:

Added Resend email configuration
I added the Resend email configuration and replaced the fake folders with real folder references. This is now a functional inbox that can send emails via Resend with a proper API key.

README.md, after:

# React + Next.js Email Messaging System Demo: Inbox Page with TinyMCE

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app). It uses React, [Resend]() and is responsive to Dark Mode/Light Mode.

![An image of a basic email messaging system Inbox page in a React + Next.js project](/TinyMCE-Email-Demo.png)

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

2. Run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Replacing the textarea with TinyMCE

Follow the [how-to on the TinyMCE Blog]() to add a robust, Dark Mode-aware WYSIWYG editor to this React + Next.js + Resend Email Messaging System app wireframe.

## Learn More

To learn more about TinyMCE, take a look at the following resources:

- [TinyMCE Documentation](https://www.tiny.cloud/docs/tinymce/latest/) - learn about TinyMCE features and API.
- [TinyMCE Developer Center](https://www.tiny.cloud/developer-center/) - find developer-specific resources about TinyMCE, like code samples, videos, and how-tos.
- [TinyMCE Blog](https://www.tiny.cloud/blog/) - explore the TinyMCE blog to find more walkthroughs and editor comparisons.
- [Resend Documentation](https://resend.com/docs/dashboard/emails/introduction) - Read the Resend documentation and connect your real domain to start making a real email messaging system with TinyMCE.
